[Music]
bravery on the way most people go to
great great extremes to break a Guinness
World Record but our next guest all he
really did was not shave he just laid
back and watched the hair grow from
Dallas Texas please say hello to the man
with the longest hair in the world
Wesley Pemberton
first may I say it is a great honor to
meet you thank you you don't look like I
expect you to be like a nut like you
know maybe a Hells Angel or something
like that yeah and yet you appear to be
a very well though you're looking at me
I'm thinking maybe now you're not that
normal but a normal gun I I think so I
want though you are you're a medical
student I am
what kind of you're studying to be a
doctor yes what kind of doctor are you
gonna be family physician family
physician okay and how did your family
react when they got the news that you
were the new world record holder all
took it differently my dad was ok with
it my brother thought is pretty cool my
wife was completely embarrassed at first
she was obviously your white house here
with you tonight yes so apparently she's
changed her mind on this and there's now
basking in your glow
women right I mean that's what they do
and you were embarrassed at first I
didn't really think that much about it
because I just figured he would pluck it
like any other person would do knowing
me then that was like well I guess we're
gonna go with it
yeah now you now you realize he made the
right decision I guess so ok
and so this we I don't want to see it
yet because I feel like to be honest
with you once I've seen it like where do
I go from there likewise I feel I'll be
chasing that high for the whole the rest
of my life you know that's right I've
got to say something very unusual for a
redhead I never expected you to be a
redhead with a long hair because you
know red heads don't have as much hair
it said oh they have much finer hair
etcetera so restaurants are pretty sure
I know very short very light and you
know like the guy problem you probably
didn't start shaving till you were about
you know maybe $89 go really here we go
yeah Mary Lou is right you have overcome
many obstacles to have links
now did you do anything to the hair
itself to make it longer well I you know
used to just kind of wash it and then I
realized why don't you try to make it
stronger so actually when I would get
out of the shower I would take a little
conditioner and just be like dude and
just kind of rub it in there and make
sure it is nice and strong what brand do
you use just out of curiosity whatever's
around you could wind up getting an
endorsement deal out of I should yeah
you should think about that and now your
co-workers do you show it to them do you
show it to people is a conversation it
is a great conversation piece so you
just tell them and they they think it's
pretty funny there's a lot of people
that are pretty grossed out about it
really yes is it gross to look at I
don't think so it's just hair uh-uh okay
have you named it I haven't I haven't
you guys want to come up maybe we'll
have a contest with you no do you have
to get naked to show it to us I did take
my pants off you do have to take your
pants on okay all right well I think I
want to see it alright um this thing
maybe we should have a drumroll or
something because this is always whining
drum roll Watson well this is your first
drum roll and this will be our first
time seeing that's fantastic the longest
leg hair in the entire world
wait a minute it didn't fall off would
that be something fell off I mean Carol
I don't see oh there it is holy cow that
is a long hair look at the length of
that hair it is almost 6 inches long be
careful with the hat yeah wow that is
amazing
that's a different better and will you
be showing it publicly anywhere
look forward to seeing it will you be on
tour opening for Bon Jovi or anything
like that here in in about two weeks
actually I'm going to Spain and they're
gonna have a Guinness record show there
and I'm gonna actually try to break my
old record oh really yes and how will
you will you we do that just by leaving
it alone yes yeah just you know not
showing up and measuring it that's about
it and then what happens when images are
big is it as exciting as it was here in
the room pretty much pretty much I want
to show you some of the people whose
ranks you've joined now
the gentleman is gentleman's name is
Hans long Sethe from Norway he's got the
world's longest recorded beard I don't
think he's with us anymore
this is this is the world's longest ear
hair these are the world's longest just
hair this is a woman from China you're
one of these people we should have like
a support group or something you showed
a convention at the very least this is
the man with the third longest recorded
eyebrows we couldn't get either
clearance from either the first do but I
think John Madden actually holds the
record for that
and this is kind of cool this is the
world's longest beard on a female so
anyway I don't know if you guys are all
stay in the same hotel or one seems up
there could be some good times down at
the bar there well congratulations you
and you think you'll ever profit
originally I thought about plucking in
actually hanging it in and displaying it
without those two weirds so maybe now
I'll just make a macaroni necklace out
of it
so well that's all right you know we fun
is you get like Charlie Daniels or
something to play it with a violin you
know it's you know because once you
pluck it now it no longer so it just
seems like a regular hair and you lose
your special powers I hope you never
lose it you're the Samson of leg hair
and congratulations have fun in Spain I
hope it goes what I mean - don't scrub
too hard down there all right you don't
want to disappoint the Spanish lesson
Pemberton everybody the world's longest
reported leg
music from the bravery
ish the